c:\users\lguette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CardDispatcherSoftware\CardDispatcherSoftware\bin\Debug\CardDispatcherSoftware.exe.config
c:\users\lguette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CardDispatcherSoftware\CardDispatcherSoftware\bin\Debug\CardDispatcherSoftware.exe
c:\users\lguette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CardDispatcherSoftware\CardDispatcherSoftware\bin\Debug\CardDispatcherSoftware.pdb
c:\users\lguette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CardDispatcherSoftware\CardDispatcherSoftware\bin\Debug\CardDispatcherSoftware.xml
c:\users\lguette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CardDispatcherSoftware\CardDispatcherSoftware\obj\Debug\CardDispatcherSoftware.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lguette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CardDispatcherSoftware\CardDispatcherSoftware\obj\Debug\CardDispatcherSoftware.Resources.resources
c:\users\lguette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CardDispatcherSoftware\CardDispatcherSoftware\obj\Debug\CardDispatcherSoftware.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\lguette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CardDispatcherSoftware\CardDispatcherSoftware\obj\Debug\CardDispatcherSoftware.exe
c:\users\lguette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CardDispatcherSoftware\CardDispatcherSoftware\obj\Debug\CardDispatcherSoftware.xml
c:\users\lguette\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CardDispatcherSoftware\CardDispatcherSoftware\obj\Debug\CardDispatcherSoftware.pdb
c:\Users\lguette\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CardDispatcherSoftware\CardDispatcherSoftware\obj\Debug\CardDispatcherSoftware.SplashScreen1.resources
C:\Users\lguette\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CardDispatcherSoftware\CardDispatcherSoftware\obj\Debug\Interop.COMRD800Lib.dll
C:\Users\lguette\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CardDispatcherSoftware\CardDispatcherSoftware\obj\Debug\CardDispatcherSoftware.vbproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\lguette\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CardDispatcherSoftware\CardDispatcherSoftware\obj\Debug\CardDispatcherSoftware.AdminDisp.resources
C:\Users\lguette\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CardDispatcherSoftware\CardDispatcherSoftware\obj\Debug\CardDispatcherSoftware.Principal.resources
C:\Users\lguette\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CardDispatcherSoftware\CardDispatcherSoftware\obj\Debug\CardDispatcherSoftware.ComunicacionIniciada.resources
C:\Users\lguette\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CardDispatcherSoftware\CardDispatcherSoftware\obj\Debug\CardDispatcherSoftware.LecturaTarjeta.resources
C:\Users\lguette\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CardDispatcherSoftware\CardDispatcherSoftware\bin\Debug\UsuariosTarjetas.mdf
C:\Users\lguette\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CardDispatcherSoftware\CardDispatcherSoftware\bin\Debug\UsuariosTarjetas_log.ldf
C:\Users\lguette\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CardDispatcherSoftware\CardDispatcherSoftware\bin\Debug\CardDispatcherSoftware.exe.manifest
C:\Users\lguette\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CardDispatcherSoftware\CardDispatcherSoftware\bin\Debug\CardDispatcherSoftware.application
C:\Users\lguette\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CardDispatcherSoftware\CardDispatcherSoftware\obj\Debug\CardDispatcherSoftware.exe.manifest
C:\Users\lguette\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CardDispatcherSoftware\CardDispatcherSoftware\obj\Debug\CardDispatcherSoftware.application
C:\Users\lguette\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CardDispatcherSoftware\CardDispatcherSoftware\obj\Debug\CardDispatcherSoftware.EscribirTarjeta.resources
